This project uses make in this Makefile to build the project.
The Makefile has a few different targets.
I will pull up a terminal so we can try out the different targets.
So there's an all target which runs the format test and build targets.
Then there's a format target, a build target,
a debug target, and a clean target.
So if we look at it each of these targets,
make clean is pretty straightforward.
All it does is remove the build directory,
and since all of the build artifacts are tored in the build directory,
removing the build directory removes all of the build artifacts and
cleans up the project takes it back to its original state.
Make build actually builds the project.
So you can see we make a build directory,
and then what you might be able to catch here is we're actually running CMake.
So it's a little unusual that the Build Target in the MakeFile actually run CMake.
We make the build directory,
we enter the build directory and then we run CMake,
and then we call make on the new make file that CMake creates within the build directory.
So there's a little bit of a make to CMake back to make roundabout here.
You don't need to worry about that too much.
CMake might actually be a little bit of overkill here,
but we added it in case at some point you'd like to
go extend this project to run on Windows or some other operating system.
But for the purposes of making this project,
you can just run make build and that should run everything.
Now that we've run make build,
I'll just run make clean which will remove the build directory.
Some of the other targets here are make format which runs
the clang-formatter or clang-format which is a nice tool
for organizing and formatting your code so
that it looks good and follows a set of stylistic rules.
Then make debug if you want to
compile your code or
build your code with the debug symbols so you can apply a debugger to it.
So there's a little bit of complexity here.
But hopefully, the actual MakeFile itself is pretty straightforward and easy to follow.
You basically have four options; make format.
If you want to format the files, make build.
If you want to build, them make debug.
If you want to build them with debug symbols so that you can run a debugger,
and then make clean if you want to clean everything up.